## D. Extra Challenge

## Case Study Questions

Data Bank wants to try another option which is a bit more difficult to implement - they want to calculate data growth
using an interest calculation, just like in a traditional savings account you might have with a bank.

If the annual interest rate is set at 6% and the Data Bank team wants to reward its customers by increasing their data allocation based off the interest calculated on a daily basis at the end of each day, how much data would be required for this option on a monthly basis?

**Special notes:**

Data Bank wants an initial calculation which does not allow for compounding interest, however they may also be interested in a daily compounding interest calculation so you can try to perform this calculation if you have the stamina!

***
Steps:

- Use a CTE to calculate the daily interest data for each trasaction of each customer. In the CTE;

  * The total_data column is calculated by using the SUM function to add up all the transaction amounts for the customer up to the transaction date.
  * The month_start column is calculated using the DATEFROMPARTS function to create a new date that represents the first day of the month in which the transaction occurred. This is done by taking the year and month from the txn_date column and setting the day to 1.
  * The days_in_month column is calculated using the DATEDIFF function to find the number of days between the transaction date and the first day of the month in which the transaction occurred.
  * The daily_interest column is calculated using the formula for daily compounding interest: P*(1+r/n)^n*t, where P is the total data used by the customer up to the transaction date, r is the annual interest rate (^%), n is the number of days in a year (365), and t is the number of days between January 1, 1900, and the transaction date. The POWER function is used to calculate (1+r/n)^n, and the DATEDIFF function is used to calculate t.

- In the main query, use the CTE to group the daily interest data by customer id and month, and calculate the monthly data requirement by multiplying
the daily interest data by the number of days in the month (days_in_month) and summing the results. The resulting data_required column represents the 
estimated amount of data that each customer will need for each month, based on daily compounding interest.

```sql
