# Insights and Recommendations
***

1. There are 5 unique nodes operating in 5 different regions for the Data Bank system.
2. Australia region has the most allocated customers of 110, followed by America with 105 and Africa with 102 customers. Meanwhile, Europe has the lowest count of 88.
3. It takes an average of at least 14 days for customers to be allocated to a different node.
4. The highest type of transaction is "Deposit" leading to an amount of 1,359,168$ worth of transactions. Followed by that, "Purchase" has a total count of 1,617 transactions with a total amount of 806,537$. Lastly, transaction type "Withdrawal" has the lowest count of transactions, 1,580 contributing to a total 793,003$ worth of transactions.
5. From the analysis, 75.8% of Data Bank customers have increased their closing balance of more than 5% at the end of first quarter of 2020.
6. In the first option of data allocation method, which is data allocated based off the amount of money at the end of the previous month:
   - January shows the highest data allocation (368,010), signifies a higher demand for data resources. However, there was a significant drop on the following month, February   (131,283).
   - March (147,006) shows a slightly higher data allocation compared to February (131,283) which indicates stability of financialy activity on that two months.
   - A considerable drop of data allocation on April (53,434) signifies that the average closing balance at the end of month for most bank customer is low.
   - The downward trend from January to April suggests low demand of data allocation due to the decreasing amount of closing balance for overall bank customers.   
7. In the second option of data allocation method, which is data is allocated on the average amount of money kept in the account in the previous 30 days:
   - All four months show negative balance which shows that there are more "Withdrawals" and "Purchase" activities than "Deposits" activities
   - In January, the average amount of data is (-65,592).
   - The increase of data allocation is between January and February, with a value of (-79,372) which indicates there is high financial activity in customers' bank account.
   - March (-75,818) shows a slight decrease in the average allocation and the downward trends was also seen in April, which has the least data allocation (-63,347).
8. Third option, data is updated real-time:
   - The data required for January is positive (100,631) compared to other months, indicating that there might be some customers who have a higher balance at the beginning of the year.
   - Feburary has a data allocation of -250,274 while April has a data allocation of -553,878.
   - The data required for the month of March (-1,292,510) is significantly higher than for the other months which shows that there were more transactions happening in March than in the other months.
  
# Recommendation
1. Continuously oberve and analyze the data allocation trends from time to time to idenitify any patterns or significant changes. This is crucial in understanding the evolving needs of data storage and adjustments needed to accomodate the demands in the future.
2. More rigourous and detailed analysis is needed to futher understand the data of negative values behind, which could be detrimental to bank's overall financial health in the long run. Hence, more data such as surveys is needed to better understand customer behaviour during those months and potentially identify any trends or anomalies behind these high negatives balance of bank's customers.
3. Determine 

 
